git clone https://github.com/lolanv/anv.git


echo "# darling1" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/lolanv/darling1.git
git push -u origin main




Create the following in the functionalities section of the code .

An adaptor function that takes a container of 5 funtions and a data container of 5 strings values.The adaptor function
 must apply the the ith data value in the data container and prints the result in the adaptor function itself

Each function should be of the following
        input parameter: one string by value 
        outpul parameter: void

Note: Each function is to be applied on only a single value based on index position

2. Create a top level function that accepts ine string and prints "string has atleast 3 vowels" or not enough vowels" depending on whether the string 
containes atleast 3 vowels characters or not

3. Create a top level function that accepts on string and print wheter " string starts with c++" or "Does not have C++ prefix " based on wheater string
 value starts with the characters "C++" or not

4. Create a top level function that aceepts a string value and prints the last 3 characters of the string value
        Note: Consider the lack of 3 charcters in the input string as an invalid output

5. Create a topt level function that aceepts a string and prints  
        a. The length of the string if the string starts with the letter "a" or "b"
        b. A message "invalid string" for anny string that starts with space character.
        c. The first 2 characters of the string otherwise
    Note: HAndle relevent exception scenarios too

6. Create a top level function that accepts a string and prints 
        a.The first 2 consecutively repeated characters of the string if the sting has such a set .
        b.The last 2 characters of the string if such a set of characters do not exists.
                For example:
                        For a string "abccdda", output should be "cc" (first 2 charactets that are repeated in the string).
                        For a string "abcdade", output should be ae(lst 2 characters of the string since no characters are repeated consecutively).
    Note: A blank or length 1 string is to be treated  as invalid 

Execute function 2,3,4,5 and 6 by passing them in a container to the adaptor along with 6 string values in a container

Create a function.h and cpp and execute it in the main.cpp
if it is possible make exceptions files also if in use






Create a class product with the following attributes

productid which could be alphanumeric.
productType which could be FOOD,PERFUME, orAPPLINCE.
productPrice which is a float value.
productBrand which is a string value.
productOrigin which could be DOMESTIC or IMPORTED
productTaxAmount which is a float value.This amount is always 5% f the productPrice value/[Set the value in the constructor accordingly using an expression]

Create constructors,getter,setters and all other relevent speacial member functions are required\

Create the followingusing lamda function syntax

1.Create atleat 3 instances of Product class on the heap and manage them using smart  or raw pointers.Manage heap allocations manualy in case of using regular/raw pointers

2.A function to find and display the average productPrice value for all products whose productType is provided as an argument.
Hint: Only consider instances whose productType matches with the second argument provided to the function

3.A function "DisplayNTaxAmounts" to display the productTaxAmount of the first N instances in the container. N is a value taken as input by the user in function.
 
4. A function to print message to indicate wheather all instances have productTaxAmount is below 500.

5. A function to print the count of each category or group of combination productType and productOrigin from the instances in the container.
[Hint: A total of 6 category will exists. For example(FOOD,DOMESTIC),(PERFUME,DOMESTIC),and (FOOD,IMPORTED) are 3 groups.Your output should show count for 
all 6 such groups formed]

6.A function that return a container of addresses(pointers) for Product instances whose productBrand matches the name given as an input string to the function

7. A binded function that binds the value of N function DisplayNTaxAmounts to the number 3.

Note:
An adaptor that takes a container of objects and a container of functionalities 3 and 4 mentioned above.
execute these functionalties on the container oassed and display the result

Execute functionalties 1,2 and 5 without using adaptor function to completethe program demonstration

create an appropriate main fynction to demonstrate all functionaltties. Handle all relevant exceptional cases with proper custom exception.HAndle all corner cases

Create functionalties.h and cpp , create class.h and cpp create a exception file if needed and execute it in the main file
